Our first public comment speaker is Mr. Jonathan Cooey.
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Go ahead.
Thank you.
My name is Jonathan Cooey, and I have no conflicts of interest.
The ethical principle of informed consent has been effectively ignored for the duration of the pandemic.
The FDA and the CDC long ago failed to meet their responsibility to ensure informed consent in those healthy adults who have been already transfected.
most egregiously in the healthy college students and teens for whom there was never an emergency.
The CDC and FDA failed again just days ago to provide the opportunity for informed consent, this time for parents of children under five when recommending transfection as safe and effective.
After nearly two years of calling transfection by lipid nanoparticle an investigative vaccine, you have failed to provide informed consent by pushing a false equivalence between transfection
and traditional live attenuated and recombinant vaccines.
You have failed to inform the public that transfection, the expression of a viral protein by injection of synthetic RNA, is a highly variable and tissue-dependent process that we are unsure can provoke meaningful immune memory, the goal of any vaccination.
You have failed to notify the public of the potential for autoimmunity while also failing to look for this known downside of this technique.
The FDA have no data to support recommending transfection for any healthy human in 2022.
After more than two years, you have failed to inform the public that you know the studies upon which these recommendations are based are woefully underpowered.
In place of informed consent, you have pushed the vague concepts of safe and effective until they were devoid of meaning.
The studies used to specifically recommend transfection to the under five age group are statistical jokes without clinically meaningful endpoints.
You know, immunobridging to non-inferiority is useless.
Do your job.
Of course, the CDC, NIH, and NIAID also failed to inform the public that they knew late in 2019 that the virus had already several key molecular aspects that indicated both its origin and the many known countermeasures that would be expected to work.
Instead, they said they knew nothing.
They could see nothing unusual, and that our immune systems were equally vulnerable, and you ran with it.
Data from your own presentations demonstrate the vast majority of kids have been infected, a primary counter indication for the administration of any vaccine before 2020.
You are pushing products under the guise of a regulatory framework that we know by your actions is pro forma only.
You failed to inform the public that you know from studying influenza and other viruses that the developing immune system is an impossibly complicated process that involves imprinting mechanisms that cannot be reversed.
The catalog of molecular immune memories that protects us for a lifetime has formed through the countless exposures of pathogens in our childhood.
And you have failed to inform the public that you know that transfection to a 2020 viral code protein cannot be useful in augmenting this process.
You know it will not meaningfully protect these children because there is a planet worth of data informing you of this.
It's biology.
Please get some and then do your job.
We will move on.
Thank you for your comment.
We'll move on to the next.
Please turn your attention to the video board for a special tribute video.
With the fifth pick in the 2018 NBA draft, the Dallas Mavericks select Luka Doncic from Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Hi, it's Luka Doncic.
I'm really excited to be a part of the Dallas Mavericks team, and I hope you will enjoy my games, and you will enjoy how I play, and I hope to see you soon.
And 2019 Rookie of the Year is... Luka Doncic.
with a little spice.
How did he get that through all those defenders and hands and arms?
He's trying to win it back.
Oh!
Oh
Dodgers pulls off three-pointer.
Bang!
It's good!
Amazing.
As crazy as it might sound, I think they even have to destroy something as seemingly harmless as the NBA.
They have to destroy what everything that America is and represents, everything that was good about America, they have to destroy it.
And that includes everything that things like the NBA represent, where dreams could come true for anyone on the planet to be one of the 240 men that are allowed to play
given the extremely wonderful opportunity.
Do you think Luka Doncic left and they traded him because they're dumb?
Do you think they traded him because LeBron James is a genius?
Or do you think they traded him as part of an ongoing, slowly dismantling this once something that united the country?
in its greatness, the dream team.
Do you remember the dream team?
Because that was when the NBA represented everything that you can imagine was good about America.
A bunch of black dudes and a bunch of white dudes from mainstream, it's main street America going to beat the world in basketball.
That's where we used to be in 1992 when I graduated from college or high school and was going to college.
That's the America that I'm fighting for, the America that I want my kids to be able to inherit, not this crazy place where we are now.
And I think we can turn it around.
I think we can take it back because I think we all agree, we all agree that that's the America we want.
The America of the dream team, the America of like 1992.
Ms.
Hoover, once again, the lesson plan I prepared would have covered this topic much better, but I can see...
It's Tuesday Lisa, we have to start a movement we have to start a movement It's gotta be a movement like Taco Tuesday it really does Think but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
Oh
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like, really important not to be a liar.
Specialization should make you suspicious, because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on.
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's, that's, that's sort of my starting my starting bias.
Please share the stream right now.
This is one of the most important ones I've ever done.
This one's for Nate.
I'm Dr. Ryan Cole.
I'm an MD.
I'm a physician.
Mayo Clinic trained anatomic clinical pathology subspecialty fellowship in dermatopathology.
I do molecular biology.
I've done over 150,000 COVID tests in my laboratory.
Hey, good morning, everybody.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Good night.
It's 12 p.m.
in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on the 22nd of April, 2025.
And unfortunately, this long play is about to end because this presentation could be the one that breaks it.
This presentation could be the one that ends this show and takes the power back from these charlatans, or at least starts the landslide of truth that will get these people off stage and allow us to get off of their script.
These charlatans were inherited, ladies and gentlemen, from our parents.
We can't really blame Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for not know what's going on.
I think he is just a player in this theater.
He is hopelessly surrounded by people who are using him.
But we can save ourselves.
And maybe we can even save him and he can finally figure out why his uncle and his father were actually murdered.
Um, your consciousness is their prime real estate.
It's been, it's been Bobby's, Bobby's consciousness has been their prime real estate for many, many, many years.
And that's how we got here, where the true origins of COVID-19
as a lab leak is now a government website for the United States of America.
My country is under attack from people within and if you want to help and you are outside of the United States that's one of the first truths you can start to tell.
Start to tell everybody that America is under attack and the only hope we have is to wake Americans up to it.
And that's what GigaOM Biological wants to do.
I'm gonna try and wake up some Americans with the love and the hope and the truth of biology and the history of it.
There's no way that everybody can avoid GigaOM.
At this point in time, the biology has shown us the way.
And yesterday, a large cognitive stone fell out of the sky and hit me in my brain.
And before you knew it,
I mean, the dark tunnel is over, my friend.
The dark tunnel's coming to an end.
This is GigaOM Biological.
It's a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
If you want to support the work of GigaOM Biological, please go to gigaombiological.com and find a way to do so.
If you want to get notified of the stream,
Please go to gigaohmhq at proton.me with an email and send that to my wife who will then notify you.
She probably didn't notify you today because she does have dance class these mornings.
And I wasn't sure exactly what I'm going on, but maybe she did too.
I don't know.
And you want to share the stream, please go to stream.gigaom.bio there.
That's our own website.
Mark's archive is also there.
We also have a Batcave there that has some of the videos that we think are important to the history to archive.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a big day because I'm about to explain an idea that I was able to successfully explain to my 12-year-old this morning.
And I think it was kind of, you know, like, wow, really?
Are adults like that?
This is going to be rough because it's also been rough for me to come to really accept that this is true and that I didn't think of it until yesterday.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you're hearing is the voice of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm an independent biologist in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I used to be a faculty member at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
I've got about a 20-year career as a neuroscientist that you can find evidence for on the National Library of Medicine PubMed website.
I presented three times to Panda, although the contents of those talks
are basically only now available, not on the Panda Rumble channel, of course.
They lost those presentations, but the content of those presentations is largely archived on a substack called Woodhouse 76, which is fraudulently written by a woman by the name of Jessica Hockett in Chicago, Illinois.
She is collaborating with a number of foreigners that include Claire Craig and Jonathan Engler, also associated with
Panda and Heart in the UK and in South Africa.
She's also had some collaboration with Pierre Corey, who was, I'm sure, an insider on this because of his weird relationship to the use of supplementary oxygen, but also because of his ties to the George Floyd medical case.
And finally, again, like I said, she co-writes with a guy by the name of Jonathan Engler.
Most of their work
on the internet is essentially whatever they can glean from my stream and that their handlers deem appropriate for them to try and absorb.
These are two of the worst people on the internet right now, as far as I'm concerned.
These are two people who have interfered with my ability to make a living and protect my family.
And I think, therefore, I often cite Jessica Hockett of Chicago, Illinois.
and Jonathan Engler of the UK, often as people that are directly interfering with my life.
I'm also, I was lucky enough to work for Robert F. Kennedy Jr., now the current Health and Human Services Secretary and former General President and Counsel of Children's Health Defense, write the Wuhan cover-up book.
I am cited in there and, you know, you can find lots of stuff in there.
I'm also good friends with Jay Bhattacharya, a guy who is now the
the head of the NIH, and their friend Kevin McCarran came to visit me, actually, in 2022 to my house in Pittsburgh.
So these people are all on stage together.
You cannot change their script, okay?
That's a message that I want to make clear, and that's why I think it's so important.
Let me just switch over here.
I apologize.
I should have done that a while ago.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
Welcome to the show.
This is Gigaohm Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by me.
It is the 22nd of April 2025.
I just want to make clear that, you know, it's taken a long time for me to
pull my head out of the swamp of anger that I've been in.
And I feel sometimes like I should apologize.
A lot of times people make me feel like I should apologize for being angry that people have lied to me, that people have misrepresented my ideas as their own over a five-year period.
I feel like it's weird.
It feels oftentimes like people portray it as though I don't have a reason to be angry.
I think if you are aware of how many ways people are being poisoned and how many ways pregnant women and small children are being specifically poisoned, then there's reason to be angry.
And there's reason for there to be frustration when you have put years of your life into trying to join that fight.
Because there is a fight, and it is often called an anti-vax fight or a health freedom movement fight.
And if you try to join that movement and you're successful in joining it, you will find out what I've found out, which is that it is fake.
There are no genuine players in the health freedom movement that are not co-opted and participating in this lie.
And today, I am going to teach you an idea that is so simple, it will reveal how impossible it is that I'm wrong.
I can't be wrong about the fake anti-vax movement if this simple idea makes sense to you.
So I'm going to make quite a preface here because I think it's that important to bring everybody to the same page and then just kind of mic drop it.
And we'll be done.
I don't know how much more work will have to happen.
All you'll have to do is watch this idea be ignored.
Watch its simplicity be ignored, much in the same way that other ideas that I've presented over the last couple of years, very simple, very precise, and very thoroughly ignored.
Not unlike what Brandy Vaughn experienced with her interaction with these same people.
And so this message is not for everyone.
Not everybody's gonna be happy with it.
I understand that.
That's just the way it is.
But GigaOM is about the truth.
I am really serious about finding the truth.
I'm not screwing around here.
As soon as I find it and people accept it, my work will move on and I'll go on to teaching
biology to high school kids, and nobody has to bother with me anymore.
But this is for all the marbles.
It is for the children of Earth.
It is about enslaving future generations.
And it's very easy to talk about that and talk about it safely without actually explaining how it is and what their objectives are.
And that's one of the things that I think
Understanding biology allows you to see very easy.
I have spent five years trying to explain how it is that murder and lies using an anticipated rise in all cause mortality could be used to create the illusion of a pandemic and I've
been focusing on a few key issues.
One of the things that's not on this list right here would be the opioid crisis that has gone on for five years and taken out an innumerable number of people throughout the age spectrum, which has contributed to an effect that everybody wants us to believe is solely due to a novel virus and our sort of silly responses to it.
And this story is essentially what Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and all the people that are pushing him forward as the leader, as the front man, all those people are united in their seemingly
seamless goal of making sure that people never realize that Americans very specifically, can't really put my hand, I'm not a weatherman, Americans very specifically were murdered for almost two years straight by a few basic changes in the way that we treat pneumonia and other bacterial infections.
How we treat people when they come into the hospital, how we use supplementary oxygen,
and how we count and pay attention to opioid deaths.
This is all part of these murder and lies which have been misconstrued as obviously there was a novel virus.
It killed millions of people, but millions more were saved, and there probably will be another one.
Maybe bird flu.
That's why 60 Minutes says it's bird flu coming next.
And so these murder and lies, I believe, are being covered up by a fake anti-vaccine movement.
I've come to...
Think of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as not sophisticated enough to understand that he's part of a fake anti-vax movement because he believes that vaccines also save people.
He believes that it's possible that they also do good.
Maybe some of them do good and some of them don't.
He's not sophisticated enough to sort all of this out.
And because he's surrounded by people who have not been ever motivated to help him sort it out, to sort it out for future generations, then that's why we are still here.
But where are we?
Exactly.
Where have they brought us?
Because that's what I have been unable to succinctly codify until recently.
And when I tried to do it in my head the other day while listening to Paul Offit, something just, it was like getting hit by a two by four.
So they've made no progress.
I say that a lot.
I think it's really important to understand that they've made no progress despite being on this frontline, you know, against this war on humanity for more than a decade.
People like Mary Holland and Polly Tommy, who's been for 20 years on this fight, have not made any useful progress.
But what does that really mean?
What does it really mean to not make any progress?
That's really what this message is today because if you can see their message and you can see where they were in like, let's say 2015 or 2018 or 2009 and see where they are now,
you can see very clearly that they haven't progressed at all.
And that's a message of hope because that means that the illusion requires our participation to sustain.
That means that they are ignoring transfection in healthy humans because it is a crime.
Just like I said, very succinctly to the FDA ACIP committee in June of 2022, and then sent that video to all of these people.
Transfection, transfection, transfection, transfection, transfection.
RNA cannot pandemic is also probably true and that's the reason why they are ignoring it.
Even the no virus people are ignoring this clever little phrase because it's probably true.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Another pretty clever little phrase that all these no virus people and all these anti-vax people could just adopt.
Steal it, please.
Don't give me any credit.
Just say intramuscular injection is dumb, or try to challenge other doctors to argue in favor of intramuscular injection in the case of X, Y, and Z, and see if they can do it.
But no one will.
No one will, ladies and gentlemen, because the truth is right there.
Intramuscular injection is dumb, especially if it's a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting a healthy immune system.
I mean, that is... Transfection and transformation are old technologies, old names that have been used on the academic bench for many years.
And all of these people that are in front of us now, curiously enough, probably knew that already.
And probably pretended not to hear me when I was saying it like, dudes,
RNA cannot pandemic.
That one's a funny one.
They all got to stay away from it.
Here's another way to say it.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
So... So... They created a mythology about autism spectrum disorder.
And I think Brian Hooker in 2013 knew that, and that's why in that interview that we listened to, he said he doesn't use the word autism.
His son was injured by intramuscular injection, or he still said vaccines.
But if he was real precise, he would have said, I don't use the word autism because my son was injured by intramuscular injection.
Ah, done.
This is it right here.
This is the truth, but this is not the idea
that ends it.
This is what I've been saying for about two and a half years now.
So don't get excited if you think, oh wow, I guess he's not going to really end anything.
No, I got something that is better than probably anything that I've ever done up until now in the sense of the impact that it has to have both on Paul Offit and on Mary Holland.
Both on Tony Fauci and on Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Both on Vincent Racaniello and
Mary Holland.
Either side of the equation could have produced the idea that I'm about to give to you and it would have solved the problem from their own perspective.
It would have been check, checkmate.
I wanna give you enough time in this prelude to come up with the idea yourself because it's that simple.
It's so simple, it's frustrating, but they've been casting an enchantment on you by the words that they use and the people that use them.
And that has resulted in us being unable to see the way out of the trap.
That's why it took me five years to get here.
The US vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
That is the way a lawyer should argue.
A lawyer should not be arguing about mandates and whether they are constitutional.
A lawyer should not be arguing about whether choice or exemption is something that we should fight about.
No, a lawyer should be arguing very specifically that the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Do you see it?
And that's why there are lawyers like Aaron Seery and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
who cannot enunciate that when the United States government suspends fundamental rights, they should be held to strict scrutiny.
Play that clip for any lawyer that pretends that they're playing this game.
And if they look at you goofy like Bobby Ann Cox from the Brownstone Institute looked at me goofy last November when I said it to her face, or that Mendel Hall lawyer, though I also said it to his face and he looked at me goofy, you know that they are playing for this team.
the same team that's protecting the US vaccine schedule from reasonable scrutiny around the world.
So that everybody would see that the American public is captive to a traitorous government.
And the evidence is the criminal vaccine schedule in America and its near exponential expansion over the last 30 years of my adult life.
This is unacceptable.
And instead of coming to our rescue, it seems like our allies are being egged on to blame us.
Egged on to attack America instead of save America's people from their rogue government that has been infiltrated by traitors.
And if you learn the biology, then we can chase down the people who should have known better.
And if many of them are Americans, so be it.
But David Hone's not an American.
Sina Bavari's not an American.
Jessica Rose is an American.
Denny Rancor is not an American.
Andrew Wakefield is not an American.
Peter Daszak is not an American.
Pauly Tommy's not an American.
The unfortunate thing is, is that they've gotten away with a lot, all right?
They've gotten away with a lot.
The FDA has already basically approved all forms of PCR as a diagnostic, and that means that they have produced a remnant stream.
Leftover tests are DNA samples, and those DNA samples can be sold to the highest bidder, and they are.
More importantly, the DNA samples that were collected in this way from the university students in 2020, 21, and 22 were most certainly sold.
And we're running out of time to go back and hold those people accountable, you know.
Don't wanna look back.
We wouldn't wanna look back, figure out how the crime was committed.
No, now they have control of the FDA and the FDA is gonna get fixed.
but it's never going to question the use of PCR as a diagnostic again.
I can guarantee you that.
I guarantee you they will never question the use of PCR as a diagnostic again.
And that's really a problem.
And this was accomplished by Team Worst Case Scenario, all these people that I've put on the screen.
I am desperate for someone to see this and understand it for the full
the full expose it is because now the vaccine schedule is going to escape real scrutiny.
And instead, the scrutiny will be focused on the mRNA, which can be improved if we just personalize it.
Now, thank you very much.
Now the important thing for you to see is that the transfection was already in place as a potential personalized vaccine.
They've been doing it for cancer for years.
They even tried it on Jesse Gelsinger and they do it with immune cells for the sickle cell anemia cures and these other things that they're doing.
But these are not the augmentation of healthy humans.
And in no way, shape or form, if you can change the starter on a motorcycle, does that mean you're capable of designing a race motorcycle or diagnosing the problems in one?
And in the case of these applications, that's never been, it's never been, but they, they are going to replace the old vaccine schedule that they will say is part of this, this bouquet of causes of the autism epidemic or the chronic disease epidemic.
But both sides of the story have been lying to you.
That's the crazy part.
Both sides of the story have been on a script and I can show you why.
I can show you what they all seem to have been too focused to come up with, too smart to come up with.
Please, if you're joining me for the first time, I want to explain that the pandemic is not what you were told.
This is the data from 2013 all the way to 2025 of all cause mortality in America.
And it is somewhere between 50,000 and 70,000 people dying every week.
And if I briefly remove my head here, the bright red is the pneumonia deaths per week.
And you can see very clearly, if you look at my arrow here, that we've had this under control for many years.
And at the beginning of 2020, we lost control of it.
The primary reason we lost control of it is because we stopped using antibiotics to treat pneumonia because we started telling everybody that this was a viral pneumonia for which antibiotics would be inappropriate.
And because there was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, they knew that we were having an excess of old people, and they were doing everything they could to save those old people in 2016, and 17, and 18, and 19, and making sure that they didn't die of pneumonia by giving them antibiotics when appropriate, maybe even giving them IV antibiotics if the pneumonia went septic.
But in 2020, they stopped doing that.
They even sent people back to old folks' homes with pneumonia and didn't give them anything at all.
And so that drastic change in addressing just one very common cause of death of old people created an extra abundance of old people that then when that switch was flipped in New York and elsewhere in America, they could scream and yell about it around the world as look at what's happening because Donald Trump isn't closing down.
Look how safe we are here in places like Australia or Japan or New Zealand where they wore masks or they locked down harder.
And that was the story that everyone in front of us now was put in place to tell already in 2020.
This anticipated rise in expected deaths was sculpted using murder and sophisticated lies.
to create the myth of an RNA pandemic.
We are all victims of it.
Left and right, everyone.
But most important to see is that they took advantage of something that was biologically obvious and inevitable decades ago.
That even people like Ted Turner were on TV talking about how this little bump right here is gonna bankrupt social security.
It's just math.
And so this was a problem that had to be dealt with.
This was a problem that was shared across the Western world.
And because it's for all the marbles, they put people in place on regular media and social media to lie about this biological phenomenon and twist it into the mythology that we have now accepted as pandemics happen.
They just happened.
They ruined my kid's graduation.
My kid's college was really not the same because of the COVID.
But this is about all the grandchildren of Earth and that's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
And it's a fake anti-vax movement that had to be in place years before the military operation that was COVID could be executed.
before the military control of the narrative could be turned on, the people had to be put in place, the players had to be put in place, and the script had to be ready to go.
And that's why they haven't made any progress.
So just to review
Some of the people that are involved in the fake anti-vax movement that's primarily opposed to mandates, but doesn't have any specifics about the biology that advocates for free speech and free choice, even if it is killing your kid or causing autism, you should have the choice to do or the freedom to do it and advocates for safe vaccines.
And lots of them say it, and that's just wrong because that belies a lack of understanding of the biology.
So I've been trying to beat the dead horse over and over again for five years by trying to retrace the history of these people back to 2020 to see what they said and see what they knew.
Did they know too much?
Were they sure about something that they should have never been sure about?
Did they stay sure about that until 2021?
Or did they focus on new things?
Did their understanding grow?
By 2022, had they come to understand what some of the lies were, were they still pushing the spike protein or the fear and cleavage site or amyloidosis or prion disease that they already were pushing in 2020?
And once you see it from a three-year perspective, it's easier to see someone's on a script
It's easier to see that someone seems to be sticking to these ideas, and especially if you realize that in those three years, they were interacting with me, arguing with me, even opposing me on social media.
And now we are six years in.
Six years in, ladies and gentlemen, and someone like Brandy Vaughn, who is now dead, God rest her soul,
was able to progress from being a skeptic of the work of her employer Merck on Vioxx to explaining to people the huge difference between ingestion versus injection and why they should take this biological difference into account when thinking about vaccines as possibly okay.
She progressed.
She went from being a skeptic with little knowledge to building an understanding which she could summarize in three words, and that was a mom with an unvaccinated child.
She dedicated her whole life to it.
Her name is Brandy Vaughn, and her organization is learntherisk.org.
Compare that to Brian Hooker, who in 2013, that's right, 2013,
10 years after Newsweek already was teaching us about what autism was and that maybe it affects boys more than girls.
This is 2003.
10 years later, a guy by the name of Brian Hooker with 16 years of experience genetically modifying plants, transforming and transfecting is what that would be.
He doesn't wanna use the word autism to describe his injured son because he doesn't really, they don't use that word.
implying that autism is kind of bullshit.
And he knows it's bullshit because his son doesn't have autism.
He was injured by an injection or many injections on the same day.
And questions the rationale of vaccination in general in 2013.
And now that guy, Brian Hooker, is at the forefront of this health and health freedom movement right behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and was unable to call out the investigational vaccines as transfections, even though he had 16 years of experience transfecting plants.
And instead was completely on Tony Fauci's narrative at the beginning of 2020, talking about asymptomatic transmission, the relevance of antibodies for immunity, and whether or not these vaccines have been thoroughly enough tested to be rolled out.
the exact debate that they wanted us on, the exact hamster wheel they wanted us in, and he was even doing a callback with another doctor in the chat.
And he has shown no integrity over these last 10 years because he met Brandy Vaughn, he was on stage with Brandy Vaughn, he made a couple movies with Brandy Vaughn, he knows exactly the progress that Brandy Vaughn made from 2015 to 2018 because he was already there in 2013.
But somehow or another, after meeting Brandy Vaughn, and hearing her story, and hearing her talks, and being in movies with her, being the producer of the movies that she's been in,
Brian Hooker has never been able to adopt the ingestion versus injection thing, never been able to succinctly explain why people should definitely consider it differently than any other pharmaceutical product, never bothered to try and get people to compare the childhood vaccine schedule in America to any other vaccine schedule in the Western world, the developed world.
But instead, at the beginning of the pandemic, was completely focused on making sure that people understood that there definitely was a novel virus.
The PCR worked to find it, that they were just exaggerating stuff.
And there's no mention of Brandy's death, despite it happening two weeks before he did this performance.
Could have just mentioned her
And in 2025, he's still right there in the freedom anti-vax movement, building a big top tent to nowhere.
I can't come to any other conclusion because he's been my boss for like six months, had children's health defense and didn't learn a damn thing from me, actually pretended to not know what the word transfection meant.
And that's gotta be a lie because in 2013 on a radio program, he said he had 16 years experience genetically modifying plants.
The only way you can genetically modify plants to make them grow medicine for you is to transfect or transform them.
So Brian Hooker knew.
Brian Hooker knew and probably was told to keep his mouth shut because we got to get Bobby in the White House first and then we'll win.
And he was probably told that by Mary Holland and maybe even Meryl Nass and Bobby Kennedy himself.
I don't know, but I know it's fake.
It's not possible that
Autism is on Newsweek in 2003.
10 years later, Brian Hooker, a father of an autistic child says that he doesn't use the word autism because that's not what his son has.
His son is neurologically injured by vaccination that he doesn't really believe it.
And why would somebody like a guy with 16 years experience transforming plants ever be in front of a fake anti-vax movement with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland?
Well, it's because of the Human Genome Project.
It's because it's a national security priority that we turn the American population into the most useful experimental population ever.
The Chinese have already done it to their people.
So we're way behind.
The Chinese are already collecting our data despite our best efforts.
The Chinese may already have the entire database of 23andMe for all we know.
We're in big trouble.
We're way behind.
So we need your help.
We need to get people to understand public health in a different way.
We need to get people to think about their data in a different way.
And so they enlisted people like Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and Mary Holland to enlist people like Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Suzanne Humphreys and all these other people to get us right where we are now.
Exactly where they want us.
ready to be harvested, or more importantly, our children are right where they want them.
Because it's very easy, I'm sure, for you to imagine a world where all of our children have a chip, an Apple chip.
And it's really handy because, you know, then I can just, I can have access to my email anywhere I go or whatever the argument is.
They only have one time in history to gather this.
So they have put people in place.
They have created mythologies to the extent to even creating the mythological backing in the scientific literature so that they can justify the turning of Americans into experimental animals.
And it's probably mostly done already.
because PCR is being used, because the health system has been hijacked, and because all these laws are in place, all these people are in place.
And so the next stage can be more malevolent, because they have even more people in place that are willing to protect transfection from scrutiny, that are willing to testify, yeah, it's a novel virus.
Of course, it's true.
I mean,
There's no other explanation that fits so well and puts all these pieces of the puzzle together.
These are not freedom organizations.
These are controlled opposition.
Heart, Panda, the wellness company.
And that's what I've been trying to teach everybody for so long by showing how these people have interacted with each other over five years.
It is, hey theater, they are on stage together and they make you feel as though you're a part of the script.
They might even do a little improvising if you say something particularly clever.
But in the end, it's their script, it's given to them and the next act is the next act.
Hello everyone and welcome to Street MD versus- So I showed this video yesterday and I think I made, or the day before, and I think I made very clear why it's so important to see how
Handy Kaufman and Tom Cowan and Mark Bailey interact with a video that this host made of Robert Malone and Ryan Cole and Peter McCullough.
They are two sides of the same team.
It is a theater, and if that podcaster doesn't know, that's okay.
But Mark and Sam Bailey
Andy Kaufman and Tom Cowan are all part of this same group of people that is on a script that was probably curated by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan, because those are the two guys with the most sophisticated understanding of the mythology.
the mythology of RNA pandemics, the mythology of public health equals transfection, that we can sequence things in the background to a great and high fidelity resolution.
That's all they are there for in making sure that people have the semantic weaponry to fight somebody like me.
And so I think it's really important to go back and watch that video if you haven't seen it because I wiped
the metaphorical floor with the idea that the no virus people are there with good intention.
It's impossible to explain how
They could say the words that they were saying in any of these videos and be actually trying to break free, actually trying to help Americans see the truth of their government, actually trying to help Americans see the mythology.
No, no, no.
They are perpetuating the same mythology that people like Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak are there to perpetuate.
And that mythology is a mythology where bacteria
and archaebacteria, or however you want to call archaea, and all of the other life forms of that size are completely ignored, as well as the phages, the viruses, the genetic communication that occurs between them is completely ignored as a background.
And instead, we're supposed to believe their story about virology, and that's why they're there.
Now, it is impossible to explain this more succinctly by just challenging you to go look at the Weston A. Price Foundation.
On the Weston A. Price Foundation, you will see that their board of directors or whoever that, whatever the hell you call it, includes Tom Cowan, and honorary members include Suzanne Humphreys and Stephanie Seneff.
Now remember, Stephanie Seneff and Suzanne Humphries are two people that are sure that viruses exist.
They might even make you healthier.
Why, as this guy is a guy who says that there are no viruses, no diseases caused by viruses, and they're all part of the same foundation.
But they're supposedly on opposite sides of this battle.
Your consciousness has always been their prime real estate, ladies and gentlemen, and there's no easy way to get to this.
There really isn't.
It is with great trepidation that I, it is with great trepidation that I teach this next idea.
Ladies and gentlemen, please, if you can, go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support this work.
I really do want to write this in a book.
I do also want to produce a Biology 101 book and course, and that's my main thing that I'm doing in the background right now.
So thank you very much.
Remember, they're all in a script together.
You can't change it.
So the idea is, is that Trump has installed heroes at the CDC, the FDA, the NIH, the HHS, and autism is real.
Parents wanna know.
And let's see if we can get just an idea of where we are in 2025.
Come see us on tour.
We're gonna be in Bakersfield, San Jose, California, Buffalo, New York, Toledo, Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Glasgow, Manchester, Belfast, Dublin, Liverpool, Birmingham, and London.
Go to JimmyDoe.com.
for a link for tickets
If you watch the news, you would never think it would be Donald Trump would be the guy to come and get the corruption out from our regulatory bodies called the FDA and the CDC and the NIH and put in actual competent truth-tellers like Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, RFK Jr.
and- Dr. Oz.
And Dr. Marty Makary, which I'm going to show you right now, who's the new head of the FDA.
and it's not Joe Rogan it's not people like me it's not randos on social media
It's not Dr. Robert Malone.
It's the government was lying to you.
And you had the courage to stand up and say it.
And so here he is.
He did it.
So it's the new FDA.
So first of all, let's just make sure we're very clear.
Marty McCarty told people to take the shot.
And apparently Jimmy Dore doesn't give a shit about that.
He's just sure that Marty McCarty got COVID right.
And that is pretty slimy because Jimmy Dore supposedly is a guy who was injured by a shot and that's the whole reason why he woke up because he got injured himself.
So it's pretty gross.
It's pretty gross because, yeah, it's pretty gross, but I'm gonna let it play.
chair who's serving under RFK Jr., and he's from Johns Hopkins University, surgeon, and here he is, he's talking about taking on the autism epidemic, and it's got a real interesting connection to gut health and biome, and I wanted to run past you, but let me play this for you and get your reaction.
Dr. Kennedy said this week that we are going to know what causes autism by September.
Is that crazy talk?
Now, people wanna know, a lot of parents have been dealing with kids with autism.
I mean, one in 32 kids in America today have autism.
So now a guy from Johns Hopkins, you know, that place that gave us the map with all the red dots, Johns Hopkins is now gonna tell us that autism is real, that those parents are dealing with a real thing.
We can't just keep medicating every kid.
It was one in 10,000 in the 90s.
It was unheard of, and the sort of repetitive motions, the ticks, the heavy, the complete nonverbal chop.
Where did you see that in the 1940s and 50s?
See, that's the same script as Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been on for a while.
Where did you see that in the 30s and the 40s and the 50s?
It's remarkable.
And so we have to look at everything.
And when you do science, you can't say, hey, we're going to do a study of what is causing this epidemic affecting 1 in 32 kids.
But when you can't look at these potential causes, that's not how science is done.
That's what we've been saying.
And for the record, you're not saying it, but people are talking in part about vaccines, because Kennedy has said it should be on the list of things we look at.
Now, his critics will say he's blaming it all on the vaccine.
He's blaming autism on the vaccine.
I've talked to him personally.
That's not what he says.
It's not what he's saying at all.
He says they're growing up in a toxic stew.
That's one of the many things, and in particular, like, the aluminum that they put in it as a preservative.
Like, we should be looking at everything they're consuming, and we're forcing on them.
Keep going.
I don't know what causes autism, but I'm deeply concerned about the rise.
If I had to make a hypothesis as a scientist, not as a regulator, but as a scientist,
And Dr. Bhattacharya is going to be launching a very impressive study using electronic health big data that we're helping curate.
cumulative burden of all of these exposures, environmental and dietary, that alter the microbiome.
Remember, 90% of the... Now remember that microbiome is a term that was coined by Joshua Lederberg.
And actually, I think Joshua Lederberg's biggest contribution to my understanding, and sort of new
vision of biology 101 for my kids is his statement about it being unclear where to draw the lines of the individual.
When you understand what the microbiome is, and when you understand what, you know, symbiotic symbiosis in cell evolution means, what mitochondria might actually be, then you can start to see where drawing the line of the where the
individual starts and ends actually is probably not where we draw it right now.
And there is one thing that you can see from Andrew Wakefield all the way to the fake Sabine Hazan, that they've always had to have a gut person involved because they always had to have somebody there to control the narrative to make sure that nobody ever mentioned payers patches.
that nobody ever mentions what happens every night in payers' patches, to make sure that no one ever understands that the most abundant biological genetic entity at the size scale of what everyone calls viruses are actually bacteriophages of many different types, not just the Lunar Lander T-Phage type.
Many of them are round and are indistinguishable under electron microscope from what they would call a coronavirus.
And the sources of these are endless.
And so they have to have people in place to say things that make everybody nod, like, oh, maybe it's a combination of all these exposures that dysregulate our microbiome.
Ladies and gentlemen, the truth of the matter is what Brandy Vaughn so eloquently said when she suggested that you needed to compare
the beauty of the organization of our physiology relative to ingestion versus the absurdity of the organization of our body relative to intramuscular injection.
And this is just really a tragic place to be.
And I've been trying to illustrate it for a long time now, but it has never been more apparent than right now when this chorus of liars continues to tell the same nonsense.
Narrative, the same nonsense arguments.
It's a hamster wheel.
There's no way this is progress if a guy from Johns Hopkins is saying essentially what everybody's been saying since 2013 when Brian Hooker had the courage to say, I don't use the word autism.
The serotonin made, which is involved in mood and mental health, is from bacteria in the microbiome.
That's where it's produced.
And when you mess up the microbiome, when you carpet bomb the microbiome with all of these ingredients that don't appear in nature, these are novel chemicals, what are we doing?
So we've known for a long time as a scientific community that kids with autism have different stool composition, different biodiversity.
So when you... Exactly what Sabine Hazan is talking about biodiversity and how the COVID actually killed the bifidobacteria.
That maybe long COVID is because people don't have their bifida bacteria anymore.
Ladies and gentlemen, they are going to pull one of the greatest scams ever if we do not learn this biology ourselves.
They're still leaving everything out.
They're still leaving it all out.
Look at the billion different bacteria that live in the microbiome.
there may be an association between change in the microbiome and autism, and things that are changing the microbiome that we've not yet fully appreciated.
And that could be a whole list of things.
So I mean, this is right in your wheelhouse, Kim, to talk about gut health and microbiome.
And he's talking about that.
It's not just one.
Now, Kim is going to go on to sell a kimchi product and fermented foods product as a way of encouraging the good guys to grow in your gut microbiome.
So the rest of this program, the rest of this program is essentially selling her products.
And at the end of this little clip, he will say, yeah, you know, she's a sponsor and I take her things and I'm gonna take all of her stuff because I believe her.
I shit you not.
Now, why is this important?
Why does it matter?
Who the hell is Jimmy Dore?
Well, Jimmy Dore is a guy who's in this picture right up there.
This same picture where if I get my head out of the way, this is my friend.
This is my friend, smartest guy I ever knew, Nathan Breen.
Him and his family were transfected multiple times because I, at the time, couldn't explain to him why it was so crazy.
I just knew it was.
He's gone.
He died a couple years ago of acute amniorism.
Just disappeared from their lives.
And mine.
So who's Jimmy Dore?
Well, Jimmy Dore's in this picture right here.
It's a long, strange trip.
There's Jimmy with my wife and the book that I gave him right there.
I gave him a copy of the Wuhan coverup with lots of little tabs in it and handwritten notes, as well as a note with my number and an explanation for what these people were lying about.
And two and a half years later, here he is, still promoting all the same people that are on the same team.
Isn't that weird?
He said Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's name.
He said Jay Bhattacharya's name.
He said Robert Malone's name.
Didn't say Nathan Breen's name, but it's funny, right?
It's pretty funny.
I must be nuts.
So again, Robert Malone.
Autism rates we've just learned in the United States in eight-year-olds are up to 3.22%.
And a large proportion of these have severe intellectual disabilities, what we'll call learning disabilities in the UK.
Remember, this is a guy who pushed the shot.
This is a guy who has promoted the limited spectrum of immunological debate with a guy that worked for an mRNA company for a real long time.
The other old dude that's on his program all the time.
This guy is the ultimate paid charlatan.
And with his, you know, he is as seductive to a different group of people as Claire Craig is with her pointy glasses and weird accent and annoying voice.
This guy with his soothing voice and, hello, thank you for joining me.
You know, he's kind of like an old Mickey Willis over there.
He's selling you the same thing as well.
Listen.
23 data is one in 36.
It is now going up to one in 31.
This is a complete epidemic of autism.
So what is causing it?
Well, diseases can be caused by endogenous factors.
Now, these are basically genetic factors, and it wouldn't change so quickly.
So we can rule that one out while there might be a genetic predisposition.
Sorry, let me make my head a little bigger here and then we'll go on.
in some individuals, this is not what's causing this pandemic.
And I think we can also pretty well rule out sociological and psychological things.
This is due to some environmental cause, some environmental toxin.
I've ruled those out so quickly because this is a biological disorder resulting in intellectual disability as well as all the features of
autism this is a complete tragedy for what are all the features of autism as i said in the beginning of the program i would make the argument that i think 2013 brian hooker back when he had a pair would have made the argument that autism is a bullshit word that they put on the front of newsweek so that they can put all this injury into one bucket and then get everybody to run in a hamster wheel for 20 years trying to figure out what's the cause of all the shit in the bucket
And if they start grouping Asperger's in there and all these other things in there, then it becomes very quickly obvious that we're not talking about acute injury from a vaccine exposure.
We're talking about a whole host of things that could have a genetic and an environmental component.
2013, Brian Hooker knew that that was the game.
And 2020, Brian Hooker sold out Americans' children to Transfection and the Human Genome Project.
in hopes that his friend Bobby Kennedy would get to the White House, I guess.
And he adopted the narrative of Andy Wakefield, who is for sure a fraud.
The papers that he published in the UK are frauds.
The kids that are in that paper are frauds.
Within a week, I think I'm gonna have one of those parents be an interviewee on my show.
And we're gonna go through the evidence that she has that shows that Wakefield is a fraud and was already a fraud in the UK years ago.
She's been suffering her whole life because she's been living with this truth while he is on his ranch in Austin.
or millions of families around the world that is going on at the moment that wasn't there in the past.
This is a new phenomena.
This is a new epidemic.
So could it be a food?
Potentially, yes.
Or a variety of foods.
Environmental toxins?
Yes, quite possibly.
Could it be iatrogenic?
Now the Greek word for doctor is iatros, so iatrogenic means that which is caused by the iatros, the doctor.
Could it be drugs?
Could it be other factors?
Now, what's curious about this is that people like Polly Tommy that have been in front of us for decades, people like Mary Holland, who have been front of us for decades, understand that the injury that occurred to their kids, Brian Hooker, who's been in front of us for decades now, they understand that their child changed abruptly.
It happened over hours or a couple days at most, but not weeks and months and years.
The acute injuries that we are talking about as vaccine injuries, sudden infant death syndrome, does not require weeks.
Are you hearing it yet?
Is anyone having a revelation yet?
Could it be a cocktail effect?
Almost certainly it's going to be a cocktail effect.
It's a case of what environmental factors are interacting to cause this increasing disaster.
So this is supposedly an UK guy trying to use American data to say that there's some kind of disaster and supposedly trying to help.
He's a traitor and he is a liar.
He has profited greatly from being on YouTube and making no progress at all as a skeptic, going from pushing transformation and transfection on millions of people around the world to apologizing for maybe have been wrong about it.
And now he is still considered a prominent voice
And he is parading the exact story that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Marty McCarty are all parroting now.
We're going to get to the bottom of it by September.
That we have in the United States.
And if you're in the UK, we'll see it in a minute.
We're not that far behind, unfortunately.
Not far behind at all.
Now, this comes from here.
This is the source.
Let's just look at that.
We always want to check the references.
That's from this paper here from the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services.
This is what we are quoting from government communications in the United States.
All are eminently readable, by the way.
Feel free to check it out.
So Washington, DC, 15th of April, 2025.
Autism prevalence in the United States, eight years of age.
2021, it was one in 36 children.
Totally appalling.
2022, one in 31 children.
Now, I know what you're saying.
It's 2025.
It's preposterous that the data is so delayed, completely unacceptable.
And I know Robert Kennedy is actively working on that now, I am expecting.
I would expect we're going to get 2023, even 2024 data in 2025.
They are working on that.
Anyway, what we now have is one in 31 eight-year-olds with autism, 3.22%.
This is a complete, well, it's a catastrophe.
It's just an appalling, an appalling situation.
An appalling situation that Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Brian Hooker and Andrew Wakefield, well, Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy have been aware of it for more than 20 years.
Brian Hooker has been aware of it at least as far as I can tell since around 2010.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was only made aware of it in like 2017 when he did the introductory foreword for the third edition of the peanut allergy epidemic book.
And that's a really interesting foreword because there he's not even really worried about autism.
He's just talking about the allergy epidemic and how his kids had allergies.
And so it's a very interesting progression that he's been on, because it's a progression.
It's just not a very impressive one.
And this guy is the same kind of way.
It's a progression.
It's just not a very impressive one, where you go from advocating willy-nilly that everything on the TV is true and just accept everything that I tell you to, oh, sorry, I shouldn't have told you to do those things.
Anyway, I'm going to keep going now because I don't feel any shame
for having ruined millions of people's lives with my dumbass mouth.
I've got millions of subscribers.
It's very hard not to be upset with these people given the fact that my family doesn't know how we're going to pay rent next month.
Given the fact that I lost 20 years of my life and career in neuroscience because no one in this world would listen and continues to ignore me.
But that's all over today.
This is the show that ends it all.
Now, this continues, the absurdity continues beyond the joke Nurse Campbell here, the obvious traitor from the UK who has had all these people on his show and never once questioned the premise of any of this.
But the absurdity goes even worse, right?
Because Rumble will show you an absurdity.
I'm honored to introduce to you Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
This is the thing they're all talking about, right?
This is the one they're all talking about, right?
I'm going to go over some of the key numbers from the ADDM report.
You would be forgiven if you didn't realize that this was the first time he was speaking as HHS secretary.
After apparently dedicating his life to getting where he is now, this is the speech.
this wonderful writer of many books, this spectacular orator that spoke in front of a huge crowd in Germany in 2021 to speak out against the lockdown.
Here's his great speech.
Overall, the autism is increasing in prevalence at an alarming rate.
The study tests eight-year-olds who were born in 2014.
And by the way, these studies are two years later than they should be.
And one of the things that we're going to do as we move this function to the Administration for a Healthy America to the new chronic disease division.
If your advisors are Mary Holland and Meryl Nass,
and Robert Malone, and you allow your secretary to introduce you because she's the only one you trust.
It's like an admission.
That lady who introduced him is the same lady that is always there when you're on his podcast or when you talk to him, you talk to her first.
She's always been there.
This is a sign of desperation.
He doesn't trust anyone.
And with good reason.
Because he's Health and Human Services Secretary and this is what he's left with?
His first public appearance after being General Counsel and CEO of Children's Health Defense, after being featured in Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2, after being slandered on TV as an anti-vaxxer,
He's not exactly bringing down the house with this.
I think I feel a little sad for him when I saw it live.
It made me terrified, actually, because I know who's behind him.
I know who gets to whisper in his ears and who gets to tell him that you shouldn't listen to Jonathan Cooey.
You know, Jonathan Cooey, the guy that he listed first in the expert list in this book.
America is under attack, and we need your help.
Bobby Kennedy doesn't know how badly he is being used.
It's obvious here.
Otherwise, his secretary wouldn't have introduced him.
It would have been somebody else.
But he doesn't trust anyone.
He doesn't have anyone around him he can trust.
And he's very reluctantly reading this dumb script that he knows is dumb, but he doesn't understand why.
Do you understand why yet?
We are going to have updated real-time data so that people can look at this, so Americans can understand what is happening with chronic disease in this country in real time.
And I'd have to wait two years to react.
We don't wait two years to react to a measles epidemic or any kind of infectious disease.
We shouldn't have to do that for diabetes or autism.
The ASD prevalence rate in 8-year-olds is now 1 in 31.
Shocking.
There is an extreme risk for boys.
Overall, the risk for boys of getting an autism diagnosis in this country is now 1 in 20.
And as high
I mean, understand on Newsweek in 2003, it said boys get it more than girls.
Is he really a hero?
Because 10 years later, Brian Hooker said he doesn't use the word autism.
And then 10 years after that, Brian Hooker has a book with Sky Horse Publishing and supported him to get president and fired me at Children's Health Defense with Mary Holland.
and uses the word autism just like they're using the word autism as a bullshit mythology to make sure that nobody understands the difference between injection and ingestion and considers the exposure to heavy metals from exhaust and cars to be equivalent to that in needles in your first six months.
And once again, I'm disappointing some of my friends because I'm angry again.
Because I'm not able to shine love.
Because I'm not able to deliver this message with love.
But I don't know how to describe the malevolent trap that we're in without some degree of desperation that you really grasp it.
The absolute best case scenario is this guy doesn't know what's going on and hasn't known what's going on since he was in his early 20s.
And he's a damaged and traumatized kid.
And behind him are extremely malevolent players that have not allowed us to escape.
That have stood in front of people like Brandy Vaughn and now me,
four years without telling the American public and the world the truth, and had a fake argument about it for more than a decade.
Uh-oh, I might have a problem here.
Ships.
Are you still there?
Everybody still there?
Can you give me a shine in the chat?
I think something happened with my
with my slideshow here.
I'm going to have to escape out.
Yes, you're still there.
Good.
Okay.
I'm going to have to, I'm going to have to quit PowerPoint here.
Something happened.
Yeah, I'm going to have to quit.
There we go.
I think it's coming back.
No, it's dying.
So just give me a second.
I have to reset PowerPoint.
I don't know what exactly happened here, but we're going to have to do a little control alt delete action.
and just kill that PowerPoint.
That's the easiest way.
Bang.
Oh no.
Yes, there we go.
Okay.
I'm going to reopen the PowerPoint.
I hope you're still there.
I will just, whatever.
I don't need that.
I must have altered something and not saved it.
And then that creates a little bit of a problem here.
So we are here.
We are here, we are there, we got there, we did that one, we did this one, we did this one, now we did this one, so we were doing this one.
Yeah, so I had another video too that I wanted to show you, I didn't even include it in this one, so oops, sorry, I'm gonna get rid of that, and then I'm starting with this slide, sorry.
So we have this video going right- I'm honored to introduce to you Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And I think I can probably, can I do that?
No.
So.
I'm honored to introduce to you Secretary Robert F. Kennedy.
I'm just going to escape really quick and move this to the front so I can, so that I can put it right here.
There.
Yeah.
So I can control it a little bit.
So what I'm arguing is that the primary argument that they make is that it's exposure to a bunch of things.
We've got to think about it.
In this particular talk, he doesn't say vaccines at all.
He's going to go through the key numbers of this new study that came out that, you know,
People like John Campbell are covering, and people like Peter McCullough are covering, and they're doing substacks about it.
And it's all supposed to be revealing something that was already on the cover of Newsweek in 2003.
And Brian Hooker already knew was bullshit and could say it very well in 2013, and then stopped saying it at some point after he met Brandi Vaughn, after he met Mary Holland, after he was in Bax and Bax 2.
And so somewhere along the line, Brian Hooker sold us out.
Somewhere along the line, he capitulated to Mary Holland and these other people who I guess promised that this guy would get into power and then finally fix the problem.
And that argument is, I think, what they use to get everybody to ignore Brandy Vaughn's basic biology and get them to ignore my basic biology.
That's why Brian Hooker and Mary Holland fired me from CHD after I had worked for a year for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and successfully gotten my name in the book first.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and I parted friends.
I still have his email and cell phone.
I have his secretary's cell phone number still.
It works.
But these people who are influencing him and telling him what to believe have already discredited me many times.
And so he doesn't believe me, he believes them.
And he believes that this is the way forward, the way forward that they've been doing for like 10 years, before he reluctantly went from being the head of the World Mercury Project to being the head of CHD.
It's one in 36.
Since the first ADDM report in 1990, which was 1992 births.
I mean, you should, it's pathetic, this talk.
So what did I figure out?
What did we break?
How can we win?
This is the video that broke it for me.
This is the one.
I am honored to introduce to you.
Remember, since 2015, since 2015, Mary Holland has been fighting and been saying that vaccines have never been tested against a placebo.
Testing vaccines against placebo is simply unethical, is exactly what Paul Offit argued with her
on Democracy Now in 2015.
A prominent television program at that time, and not television, a prominent alternative cable and internet thing.
I mean, it's crazy, NPR lady.
Now understand the significance of that.
Those are the two arguments.
Paul Offit says that testing vaccines against a placebo is simply unethical.
What does he mean by that?
He means that you can't let a kid grow up without the measles vaccine to test the measles vaccine against placebo because that would be unethical to the kid that will inevitably get measles without the vaccine.
And that argument is precisely the argument that he presented against Mary Holland on this program as representative of the FDA and the CDC and the NIH and the U.S.
government back then in 2015 when she presented herself as a Columbia professor with an injured child who regressed rapidly after his MMR shot, just like Pauly Tommy
in the UK a few years earlier was telling a story about her son who acutely regressed after her MMR and helping to sway more than 6 million voters in the UK by putting herself on billboards in a bra.
In 2015, Mary Holland and Polly Tommy would get together and organize a movement that would eventually result in the Vaxxed movie and the formation of ICANN and eventually the co-opting of the World Mercury Project in 2018 to become the Children's Health Defense with Mary Holland, Meryl Nass, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as their figurehead and Brian Hooker,
And the argument that they have continued to make throughout this time is that the vaccines have never been tested against placebo.
The vaccines have never been tested.
The adjuvants have never been tested against placebo.
They always use an adjuvant when they test vaccines.
They never test against placebo.
That's not fair.
And Paul Offit has always been arguing, no, they test against the old vaccine.
They test new vaccines against old vaccines because testing against the placebo would be unethical.
And if you're following me along now, the exact enchantment that Aaron Seery of Goldman Sachs
There's a Goldman Sachs person that's also in the same group that I just said, the Weston, what is it?
Weston Price, Weston A. Price Foundation.
There's also a Goldman Sachs person in there.
And not only is Aaron Seery and this lady, Makuna Han, she's also a Goldman Sachs, but also Steve Bannon, who's behind these people is Goldman Sachs.
It's weird, right?
They also all work for Merck or brokered for Merck.
The one that owns the vaccine schedule majority shots, but you know, nobody talks about Merck.
The one that used to own the intellectual property for Ivermectin.
These people have been arguing two sides of a coin.
Please let me be clear.
The one side of the coin that Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Aaron Seery and Del Bigtree have been on is that vaccines have never been tested against placebo.
The specific enchantment is that vaccines have never been put through a long-term placebo-controlled double-blind trial.
And the dispellation, the dispelling of that enchantment is done by Paul Offit and Paul Offit exclusively for more than 20 years.
Because we can go back all the way to 2007 to the book that Paul Offit wrote called Vaccinated, From Cowpox to mRNA.
And so it's not by accident that Paul Offit is the guy who has been consistently in front of us, arguing with Mary Holland, arguing with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
calling out Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as a fraud for so many years that it is impossible for it to be anything but a theater.
Because he has also occupied the exact same script for that entire duration.
That testing vaccines against a placebo is simply unethical.
And everybody has repeated this from Tony Fauci on down.
And for some reason or another.
Yesterday, I came up with an idea that would satisfy both of these problems in one go that either side could propose as the checkmate experiment.
And for some reason or another, both the genius, Paul Offit, the genius of Tony Fauci, the genius of all these people at the FDA and the CDC have never come up with this question and this experiment.
And also equally befuddling, all the people with all these Skyhorse books
You know, all these Skyhorse books, like the Skyhorse book that Brian Hooker has, the multiple Skyhorse books that Robert Malone has, the multiple Skyhorse books that frickin' Andrew Wakefield has.
Those people have never been able to come up with a counter-argument for testing vaccines against placebo is simply unethical.
They only repeat the line that Aaron Seery repeats and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
repeats that they've never tested vaccines or their adjuvants against a placebo.
There are no long-term, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials of vaccines.
Listen carefully and see if you can get the conclusion before I do, or before I say it.
From Microbe TV, this is Beyond the Noise, episode number 62, recorded on April 15th, 2025.
That's Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
under fire there.
And joining me today is your host, Dr. Paul Offit.
Hi Vincent.
This is the video version of Paul's column on Substack called Beyond the Noise, cutting to the chase on important health topics.
Today we will have a closer look at Paul's column, RFK Jr.'
's Autism Bombshell.
As you write, RFK Jr.
claims he will find the cause of autism by September.
We've launched a massive testing and research effort that's going to involve hundreds of scientists from around the world.
By September, we will know what has caused the autism epidemic.
We'll be able to eliminate it.
Now, one of the arguments that I'm making, and I want all of you foreigners, people from outside of America to hear this, I'm asking for help.
Because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't understand that he's been set up.
Maybe Donald Trump doesn't know or care that he's been set up.
But half of America is about to be led to believe that this is the most dangerous man
in the most dangerous times we've ever been in.
He's about to ruin America and endanger children going into the future.
Paul Offit is painting a very dark picture where action might be necessary, where we might have to do something drastic, just like other people are painting a picture where, you know, maybe we're gonna have to do something about these people because they're really bad.
We are in a very dangerous place in America because the American right is captured by a fake anti-vax movement and they believe very strongly in that anti-vax movement.
And the left is captured by people who can use that designed fake anti-vax movement to implode America.
because the right is not aware that they are fooled and the left is not aware that they are being fooled.
They just think they are willing, that they are right, that they are just dumb people.
But no, ladies and gentlemen, outside of America, this has been a long and meticulous trap that was first executed in the UK by Polly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield.
and then imported into the United States and re-executed using ICANN, the movie Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2, and CHD to ultimately put people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in positions of power falsely and never actually get to the stage where we break the mythology.
It's by design.
And they use people who have ambitions, like I want to be president, and they use people to do that.
People like the Goldman Sachs operator, Steve Bannon, uses people like that.
I believe Steve Bannon lies for a living.
I believe Steve Bannon coordinates scripts for other people that lie for a living on social media, that get contracts to lie on social media.
Lie about biology and lie about the people trying to tell the truth about the biology.
And to lie to people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
so that he is completely unaware of the Truman Show that he is.
Maybe they lie to Donald Trump too and Donald Trump doesn't know, but my guess is, is that these people agree that people need to be ruled, that the vast majority of people are godless animals and that we can treat them like garbage.
I don't believe that.
I don't believe the children of earth are the vast majority of them are garbage.
I believe I've been put on this earth for one reason and one reason only it's to make sure that the children of earth are
are not subject to this for another countless generations.
So what's the break?
Did you figure it out yet?
Did you figure out the enchantment yet?
Has this disease been ignored by researchers?
No.
So autism was first defined by Leo Kanner in the late 1930s.
And at the time it was considered to be very rare, kind of similar to childhood schizophrenia.
But over time, it's become much better recognized.
The definition has... Now, remember what I'm trying to argue.
First and foremost, you must see the illusion.
This is a 2003 Newsweek article telling you that four out of five autistic children are male.
Ten years later, Brian Hooker, the father of an autistic child, would not use the word autism because he did not believe autism was the right term.
These are injured children.
neurologically injured children, and it's from injection.
And at that time in 2013, 10 years after this front cover, Brian Hooker would not use the word autism and questioned the rationale of vaccination.
Brian Hooker is now one of the people, part of CHD, who does use the word autism, does think there's all kinds of causes for it, does think there's a genetic part of it, does think there was a COVID,
does think that lots of people were killed by the spike protein and will not tell you the truth that I so desperately tried to tell him as I worked as a staff scientist for him for six months before he fired me on the advice of Mary Holland.
I guess because he believed that ultimately Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would do the right thing.
But Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
isn't doing anything on his own.
Otherwise, there's no explanation for how we're here.
Go ahead, Paul.
broadened, there's to include autism spectrum disorder, there's better diagnostic testing.
So now, it's far more common, arguably as common.
There's a problem Reginald Perrin in the chat.
I'm going to put this up really quick, the Twitch chat.
Reginald Perrin here, he says, just don't bother with placebo test backs versus non backs.
Okay, so that's, there's a problem with that.
I'm sorry, that chat didn't show up as well as it should have.
But
Reginald is posing an argument.
Don't bother with placebo.
Test the vaxxed versus non-vaxxed.
Of course, you understand, right, that that is this book that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
eventually published with Skyhorse Publishing and Brian Hooker in 2023.
That's this book.
Let's compare vaxxed to un-vaxxed.
Now, the problem with that is,
is that that's not a placebo double blind control trial.
And that's what Aaron Seery and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland keep vomiting for the last 10 years.
They're not asking for that comparison.
That's the comparison that Brandy Hooker, sorry, Brandy Vaughn wanted to make.
And Brian Hooker made apparently in his book that CHD doesn't ever bother to sell.
To a certain extent, you're right, except for one thing.
Paul Offit will tell you that that comparison is not valid.
That comparison is not valid because those kids don't get the infectious disease that they're not vaccinated for because the rest of the kids around them are vaccinated.
And so it's not a real observation.
It's just anecdotal.
It's just because vaccines work.
This difference
he would argue is because vaccines work and to actually ethically test in the way that they are arguing with a double blind control trial with placebo would be unethical.
And so you're almost there.
You're almost there, Reginald.
Keep thinking.
You almost got it.
One has one in 32 children.
And what that has garnered is an enormous amount of resources.
Really, billions of dollars have been spent trying to understand the cause or causes of this disorder.
Starting in 2011, when there were $160 million spent by the government, with increases every year up to about $330 million last year.
A funny argument, right?
That they spent a lot of money, so obviously people are trying to understand it.
That's really cute.
An additional $2 billion is going to be spent through the Autism CARES Act over the next five years.
So this is a heavily studied phenomenon.
I would argue again, let me put the chat up here.
I would argue again, Rupo Mini says, can we look at the Amish?
I would argue that we cannot.
And the reason why is because, again, the left
Because remember, it's bullshit on both sides.
The left can just make the disingenuous argument that the reason why the Amish are healthy is because they eat better.
And because there is no measles anymore because everybody else is vaccinated.
That's the reason why Steve Kirsch can make that argument on Twitter and gets promoted making that argument on Twitter.
Because it's a loser argument.
And I didn't see it until yesterday.
The non-VAX to VAX comparison is a loser argument, and more importantly, it doesn't address the hamster wheel that Paul Offit and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
have been reinforcing for a decade.
This hamster wheel is still rock solid, and nobody
Aaron Seery, Big Tree, Robert Malone, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Meryl Nass, Mary Holland, none of them in a decade have been able to break free of this hamster wheel, this bullshit dichotomy.
And today I'm going to break you free of it.
So fast, it's going to make your head spin.
Coming on, um, autism and, um,
RFK Jr.
makes it sound like he's just discovered all this and will let us know exactly what the cause is by September, which is a level of hubris that is kind of hard to watch.
Specifically, he says he will find out why the numbers of autism diagnoses have gone up.
Now, when did, so discovered in 1930, you said, when did the cases really start to go up, do you know?
I think probably in the last
15 years.
You really started around 2010.
Okay, so let's just ignore the fact that they're trying to pretend like I don't really know the real numbers.
It's pretty hard to tell because why?
Because we tried to diagnose them.
We're starting to diagnose them differently.
Pretty soon they're going to use PCR and then they can find the epidemic of autism everywhere.
It's probably spreading asymptomatically.
In 2011, when you started to see more federal funding, and that's just federal funding.
I mean, you have groups like the Autism Science Foundation.
So the more money they spent, the more autism they detected, and so then the numbers are all really bullshit.
Interesting, isn't it?
Foundation, which also spends millions of dollars trying to understand this disorder.
the Autism Society of America.
There are a number of autism societies, private foundations, that have also spent money giving grants to try and understand this.
But nonetheless, RFK Jr.
is going to figure this all out by September.
I wonder if he's aware.
And so America is under attack because it is scary if the left and people representing the left and the Democrats and the blue team can just look at the Trump administration and say, this is really scary.
This level of hubris is really scary.
If we knew the cause of autism and we could just have it by September, then we would have done it a long time ago.
And that argument is pretty damn persuasive.
And it makes Bobby look like kind of a chump, especially when he goes on stage and puts his reading glasses on and isn't very impressive as an orator.
I mean, the level of separation between people in America right now is worse than it's ever been.
And it's a frightening level.
And we need help getting out of this.
because we are being misled on both sides by people who are following the same script.
There are all these other studies that have gone on.
I mean, they're under his purview now.
It's interesting that autism was discovered at a time when there really were no vaccines.
That's right, so in the 1930s, what did you have?
You had the smallpox vaccine, you had a rabies vaccine.
You didn't have a flu vaccine yet.
You were just starting to get diphtheria and pertussis vaccines.
So now the argument that they're trying to make is that autism's always been around and so we're just detecting it better.
We're grouping more sets of symptoms in.
That's why we have Asperger's and this one and that one.
And so again, this is a very persuasive argument that has been
crafted over a couple decades, starting with Andrew Wakefield in the UK, and then his reinvention of him and Polly in America for Vaxxed.
This is all part of the same narrative that has been curated and honed to absorb all of the challenges.
And here we are now.
This is recent.
This is like yesterday, which were invented around the 20s and started to be used around the 30s.
But you're right.
Didn't have much.
So this money that you just mentioned for autism research comes from the U.S.
government.
I presume it's not going to be touched as so many other programs have been canceled by this administration, right?
if it's a priority for RFK Jr., I guess that that money won't be tossed.
And there is the Autism Cares Act, which gives another $2 billion over the next five years, but no need to do things over the next five years, since we're going to know everything we need to know by September.
What are some of the potential causes of autism?
Is there just one?
It's a complex interplay, I think, between genetic and environmental factors.
Which is exactly the same thing that Sky Horse publishing author James Lyons Weiler said in 2016 in his book titled The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism.
It's the same thing that Marty McCarty says is it's a variety of things that are causing a dysregulation of our microbiome.
What a remarkable parallel in the interpretation of the, you know, the thing that also even Peter McCullough agrees it's like a whole spectrum of stuff that causes the spectrum.
The genetic factors include a number of genes, up to a hundred genes really, that have been identified.
A hundred of genes have been identified as possibly related to
most of which are associated with synaptic development, meaning how one brain cell communicates with another, and that are expressed often early in pregnancy.
There are environmental factors like during pregnancy infection with rubella, germ measles, or infection with cytomegalovirus.
Remember that that's also what Suzanne Humphreys and Brian Hooker have been saying for the last five or six years since they got co-opted or since they got introduced to this.
They say that it's really dangerous to give vaccines to kids that are sick.
And that's a part of the narrative that they adopted very recently.
And actually Suzanne Humphreys repeated on the Joe Rogan show a couple of weeks ago.
The maternal age and paternal age are all also associated.
And so it's not going to be one thing.
I think when RFK Jr.
points to the notion that he's going to find it out, I think he already knows what he's going to find.
And that's been his bias for the last 20 years, that it's vaccines that cause autism.
Nope.
He's not going to find that, and I assure you he's not.
Here we go.
I was going to just ask you, how can he say he'll find it in four months if it's taken so long by so many researchers to get clues?
But, well, you just said it's vaccines, right?
I think
What he's going to do, I assume it's going to take him, whatever, four or five months to look behind the curtain at the FDA, look behind the curtain at the CDC, and be amazed at the fact that here was all these data, here were all these data, that in fact showed that it was vaccines, and that the government was hiding it all along, and that the pharmaceutical company was hiding it all along.
Make sure you understand that Brian Hooker's story is the CDC covered up data that the CDC could have released that showed that one of the shots or some shot was causing autism in black boys.
This is an appeal to all Americans to understand that we are under attack.
and the likely narrative that is going to be sprung upon us in September that is not only is the vaccine schedule been kind of malevolent and covered up that they're hurting kids, but it hurts black boys more than white boys.
It's going to be a racially tinted conclusion.
And Brian Hooker may even be the guy who goes out on the podium and says, you know, thanks to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for finally telling the truth.
And the whistleblower that I recorded all those years ago told me that they hid data about black boys.
And now America explodes.
Please help us.
But now that he's head of HHS, he's been able to reveal that.
And I think if he does that, it is going to be enormously destructive to not just the perception of vaccines, but for the availability of vaccines, the affordability of vaccines.
And he will make vaccines more feared and will only worsen the situation now in this country, which is the experience of a massive measles epidemic.
And also pertussis is on the rise.
Pertussis deaths in this country are on the rise.
all because of this basically fear of vaccines, unfounded fear of vaccines.
Now, I want you to understand what I'm trying to say to you.
And Mark Kulak made a very apt analogy by just citing something that Louis C.K.
said, which is that, you know, you can laugh at people when they go to extremes to try and stop abortion.
but if you understand that they believe abortion is killing babies, then their actions don't seem so crazy anymore.
If you think that vaccines are poisoning babies before birth, and you get a little excited about it, I think that would be okay.
If you think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is injuring lots of people by allowing measles outbreaks to occur, to allow pertussis deaths in hospitals to go up, then you might be just as motivated as somebody who bombs an abortion clinic.
Because Paul Offit is telling you that kids are dying because of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., that people are being put in danger.
Immunocompromised people are being put in danger because of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his years and years of spreading this misinformation.
And so it's gonna be pretty easy to understand if you have any empathy for why some people on the left might soon lose their mind.
if this narrative continues to progress in the direction it's going, while the direction on our side of social media progresses in the opposite direction.
And both sides are blissfully unaware that neither side can see the other, like a Lollapalooza of liars with multiple stages.
But if data existed,
implicating vaccines in autism.
They would have been published.
It's not in the way of American science to hide such a big deal, right?
Right.
Well, I mean, so in 1998, the notion was brought up by a British researcher named Andrew Wakefield that the measles, mumps, rubella vaccine caused autism.
You could argue.
Is it possible to explain his use and citation of Andrew Wakefield in the history of this as just the way things worked out?
When Andrew Wakefield has a paper with Peter Daszak about measles?
When Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy went through the whole exercise of trying to bring autism awareness 10 years before they tried to bring vaxxed autism awareness in the movie?
And now are millionaires?
Foreigners in America in front of the Senate
Foreigners at the head of DITRA.
Foreigners at the head of U.S.
Emirate.
Foreigners at the head of the Rocky Mountain Laboratories.
Foreigners getting grants in China to sample things.
The nicest thing you could say was he raised the hypothesis.
Well, it was a testable hypothesis.
There had been 24 studies, 24 looking retrospectively at children.
There have been so many studies and yet all these smart people with all these tenure track positions, all of these multiple appointments at multiple hospitals and multiple committees, multiple chairmanship positions, 20 years of grant application success.
None of them can come up with the idea that I'm about to tell you.
Couldn't come up with, all these 24 studies are stupid.
All the hundreds of studies that have ever been cited are dumb.
All these studies and comparisons that are here in the Vaxxed, Anti-Vaxxed, Vaxxed, No-Vaxxed are all dumb.
How in the world can I make that statement?
All the ideas that Aaron Seery and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland with her big law degree in 10 years, with his big law degree in 10 years, with Aaron Seery's big law degree in 10 years, none of them have been able to solve this little conundrum.
It's just a standoff.
I guess they're right and we're right.
I can't figure out a way out.
He's so smart.
who did or didn't get the MMR vaccine, controlling for confounding variables, and they all found the same thing.
So there's two ways to interpret those data.
One, the reasonable way, which is the reason that all these researchers couldn't find that,
association was because it wasn't there to be found.
Or RFK Jr.'
's way, which is that there's a vast international conspiracy involving hundreds of researchers, all sort of in the pocket of the pharmaceutical industry or the governments, to hide the truth.
But he's going to find the truth.
And that's what scares me.
He is appealing to something in this country that's very real, which is this notion that we're not really getting the right information.
I mean, I got an email from a nurse, actually, who said she was seeing a one-month-old,
the one month old was going to be getting vaccines at two months of age.
So, she was explaining to the parents what to expect in terms of vaccines.
And the father said, and I quote, I'm not anti-vaccine, but I'm going to wait to hear which vaccines Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
recommends before I get them.
Oh, my gosh.
This is great.
And a lawyer, you're going to wait till a lawyer tells you what vaccines to get.
What have we come to?
We have come to a place where we have been designed to arrive at.
We have come to a place that the script has brought us, and it is a script that was already out there from the moment that the Vaxxed movie was made.
The moment on April 1st, 2016, when ICANN was formed.
Yes, April Fool's Day.
September relate to the other study that he's going to do to specifically look at vaccines and autism again.
Something, by the way, that he promised not to do.
I mean, when Senator Cassidy and Senator Sanders interviewed him for that during that second confirmation hearing, he was pushed on this.
And then Cassidy, who's a Republican from Louisiana, said, you know, to do any more studies in this is to just basically waste money.
And frankly, it isn't fair to children with autism because there are a lot of promising leads.
Why don't we pursue those instead of pursuing this fruitless, dead-end hypothesis
that's pretty much been answered.
I just, he has, he, RFK Jr.
has this fixed immutable religious like belief that vaccines cause autism and nothing is going to convince him otherwise.
And he's going to quote unquote find that he was right all along and just further
make vaccines more difficult to get in this country.
He's going to do everything he can to destroy the vaccine infrastructure in this country.
And I don't see why we should expect anything different since this has been who he's been for the last 20 years.
The only difference is now he's in a position.
He has not been this guy for 20 years.
You're giving him too much credit.
It's ridiculous to make policy.
Okay.
I don't see what he's going to find unless he makes up data, because there are no data behind the scenes at CDC and FDA that implicate vaccines.
I'm quite sure.
So, do you think he will make it up?
Yes, he'll do what he did at the second confirmation hearing when he held up this paper by Mawson and colleagues, which he said was the gold standard paper showing that this Medicaid evaluation in Florida proved that vaccines cause neurodevelopmental delays, including autism.
But look at that paper.
First, it was never published in a medical journal.
It was never published in a scientific journal.
It was critically flawed.
You couldn't even tell who got vaccines when or whether they'd gotten them through the Medicaid system or through the Vaccine for Children's program.
It was never peer-reviewed.
It was funded by an anti-vaccine group, the National Vaccine Information Center.
It wasn't a study at all.
It was so methodologically thought as to be just
Uninterpretable and nonetheless he held that up as a gold standard study.
Why?
Because he believes this to be true no matter how weak the data and that is I think what you're about to see the only difference now is it's going to be under the imprimatur of health and human services.
Now the one crazy part is is that Paul Offit, Mary Holland, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Aaron Seery, Robert Malone,
Jay Bhattacharya and any other person you could possibly add to the list has never been able to explain the problem with these two statements.
No one, not one person on earth that you can find has ever been able to say what they are doing here.
Why it's suspicious that Paul Offit and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
have been having the same dumb argument for so long and what's so dumb about the argument?
Everything that Paul Offit is saying in this video makes sense.
Everything that Aaron Seary says is perfectly valid, that they have not tested in any long-term placebo-controlled double-blind trials.
So if he agrees with that, and they agree with, why can't we get out of this?
What's happening here?
All right, so what's the fellow's name that he's enlisted to do this study?
David Geyer.
David Geyer?
Yeah.
Okay, so he'll put David Geyer to work, and they'll come up with some scientifically implausible paper, which they purport is the gold standard, another gold standard implicating vaccines and autism.
If he implies that these data existed already at the FDA and CDC, presumably some people who work there need to open their mouths and speak up, no?
Or people who've been fired.
Oh, people need to open their mouths.
You mean like the whistleblower that knows that it was black boys that Brian Hooker's waiting to reveal?
That one?
That would be nice.
I mean, so David Garrett worked with his father, Mark, who actually recently passed away, and published papers looking really at thimerosal, this ethyl mercury-containing preservative in vaccines, to see whether it was associated with autism.
And they were horribly done.
These papers were reviewed by the Institute of Medicine and said to be methodologically flawed, as to be uninterpretable.
And that's who David Guyer is.
And so everybody that tries to study this stuff can't seem to design a study that will figure it out.
It's so weird.
Polly can't come up with anything.
Mary can't come up with anything.
Even Paul Offit can't come up with a simple experiment that would dismiss this argument forever.
Isn't that weird?
Paul Offit can only say that, well, we've already proven it, and these studies that they do are dumb.
But wouldn't it be crazy if there was a very easy study that could be proposed that would answer both questions at once and could be proposed vigorously by either Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Paul Offit, either Aaron Seery or Tony Fauci?
And they could propose these experiments to hundreds of thousands of doctors around the United States.
And the doctors around the United States would gladly participate if they're on either side.
Can you imagine the possibility that some dumb guy like me would come up with an experiment that any doctor would be happy to do?
any doctor would be happy to do if they believed in Paul Offit or if they believed in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Is it possible that some dumb guy like me who just wants to play basketball and teach basic biology could have come up with an experiment that would be proposable by either side?
Because it's just a good experiment.
And if you really wanted to shut Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
up, Paul Offit, you could propose this experiment.
And if you wanted to shut Paul Offit up,
Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and their wonderful CHD could propose this experiment and shut Paul off it up.
And doctors on either side would go, wow, that's a great idea.
I'll participate.
Can you imagine that there's an experiment that would work like that and would work like that and should work like that and will work like that if any of these people, either side, decided to take the language and use it?
Can you imagine that?
It's very similar to the cleverness of intramuscular injection is dumb.
And if anybody wanted to beat Paul Offit for real, that's where they'd start.
RNA cannot pandemic.
If you want to beat Vincent Racaniello in an argument, that's where you start.
That's why nobody starts there.
If you wanted to end this argument about the pandemic, you'd always go back to the ridiculousness of PCR as a diagnostic, but none of them ever do.
And for 15 years, none of them have been able to escape the hamster wheel, which is vaccine testing against a placebo would be unethical.
Vaccines have never been long-term placebo-controlled, double-blind tested, and neither have the adjuvants.
And running in this wheel we have been because of Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Paul Offit.
and NIH and NIAID and Andrew Wakefield and Peter Daszak and all of these people, they're all the same dumb trap because they could not get out of this.
They can't propose an experiment that either Paul Offit or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can use.
That is your homework.
That should have been your homework for the last 20 years, Polly Tommy.
The last 15 years, Mary Holland.
The last 20 years, Anthrax Meryl Nass.
Any of you people could have come up with this experiment.
It's so easy, my 12-year-old kid understood it in one pass.
Anybody got it yet?
But he's RFK Jr.'
's kind of guy, because he basically goes along with the notion that you can shoehorn data into a hypothesis and make it fit.
And I think that's what we're about to see.
I could be wrong.
I mean, it may be that RFK Jr., like any reasonable scientist, has an open mind as to what he might find.
But I feel what he has is something no scientist should have, which is a non-falsifiable hypothesis.
All right, so let's say he- A non-falsifiable hypothesis is also an absolute lie.
Again, because if you have the right hypothesis, all you need is the right experiment.
So he says that there's no experiment that can solve this conundrum.
Hmm.
Comes out with some bogus data on associations of vaccines and autism.
What do you think he will do with that?
I think he will hold it up as an aha moment.
Look, look what I found.
Look what I found when I looked behind the curtain.
We were right all along.
And appealing to this enormous sense of conspiracy that we're being told things that aren't true by people who mean to do us harm.
And there is that sense in this country.
And I think that
will do a lot of harm to children in this country.
That's who the big losers are here, are the children who are going to be caught up in this maelstrom of misinformation that's only going to make parents more fearful and may ultimately make vaccines less affordable.
What worries me in this is that he can fool around with a vaccine injury compensation program,
to make it so that vaccines are less protected and are more subject to civil litigation.
And then we're right back where we were in the early 1980s, before there was the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, when we had 18 companies that made vaccines, and by the end of the decade had four.
This is a fragile market.
I mean, I think people look at the COVID vaccines as being truly what they were, which was a windfall for Pfizer and Moderna because it was a guaranteed market and it was paid by the federal government.
But that's not the way it usually works here.
And vaccines are made by four companies.
It's less than 10 percent of what they do because vaccines are given once or a few times in a lifetime, not every day.
So they're never going to compete with drugs like lipid-lowering agents.
or psychiatric drugs or neurological drugs, and so it's a fragile market.
I mean, make it more expensive for these companies to make these vaccines, and they'll stop making them, and then where are we?
Howard Bauchner Do you think he can have MMR delicensed?
I think he can do much.
I think he could say, I don't think this vaccine has been studied well enough.
I mean, the MMR vaccine came out in 1971.
I mean, he could say, I don't think that you had a long enough study.
I don't think enough children were studied.
I don't think you had the right placebo group, not that you could really have a placebo group, because you couldn't.
I mean, you had a measles vaccine.
By 1968, you had a mumps vaccine in 67.
You had a rubella vaccine in 69.
Those were combined to be a single vaccine in 1971.
Was the MMR vaccine tested against placebo?
Of course it wasn't.
It wouldn't have been an ethical thing to do.
You knew that those three vaccines work, so when you combine them, you can't do a placebo-controlled trial, which is what he's always asking for.
And so there it is, succinctly stated by Paul Offit, that the real conundrum here is that, you know, they weren't tested against placebos.
Obviously, Aaron Seery's right.
These vaccines weren't tested against placebo because we already had a working measles vaccination.
And so the whole idea of testing these against placebos would be unethical because then you're not protecting those children with a proven vaccine.
This is the exact place
that we have been, the exact place that we have been since Mary Holland appeared on Democracy Now in 2015, opposite Paul Offit, who made the exact same argument.
No progress in 10 years, despite millions of dollars in donations, hundreds of hours of podcasts, conferences and meetings,
No progress and no people saved.
And no solutions and no answers.
And no experiment proposed.
He could do that.
There was a former HHS secretary who said, I can't believe the power I have with the stroke of a pen.
So he could demand another clinical trial of MMR?
although he couldn't ever demand the kind of trial he's always asking for, which is a placebo-controlled trial.
He can never demand a placebo-controlled trial.
He can never do it.
Hear it, hear it.
for vaccines that you already know work.
You can't do that.
It's not ethical to do that.
You can't give children no vaccine.
If you do that, then you're right where you were with Samoa when you had 83 children die, or where you are now, where you've had three people die, two of whom are healthy young children, because their parents chose not to vaccinate them.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to end it right here.
You don't need a long-term placebo-controlled trial to test whether intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dangerous.
You don't need that.
You can give everybody their vaccine, and you can give everybody a placebo.
You can just separate the vaccine and the placebo by about three or four weeks.
Everybody gets two shots.
You just don't know which one was which, and you unblinded after both shots have been given.
Now, Paul Offit gets everybody their vaccine within a month, and they get their placebo-controlled trial, and anybody that shows any symptoms at all in the first four weeks after intramuscular injection will inevitably be in the live injection group.
Game over.
The only way that trial could fail is if they gave placebos to the people that were supposed to get a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting their immune system.
Any doctor that believed in vaccines could easily see that that will solve the problem, that will answer the question, and whether you believe in vaccines or you don't believe in vaccines, that's a pretty easy way to figure it out, and it's especially enticing to the people who believe.
It's an especially awesome way for somebody like Paul Offit or anybody else who wanted to be super smart to dunk on Robert F. Kennedy Jr., to dunk on all these people, because remember, Mary Holland's kid
regressed rapidly.
Remember that Pauly Tommy's kid regressed rapidly.
That many of the parents in the movie Vaxxed testify to their kid regressing very quickly after their shots.
You don't need a long-term control trial.
Paul Offit and Mary Holland could have ended this in 2015 by just agreeing that, well, if you're right, Mary, then we can do it this way.
And if I'm right, Mary, we can do it this way.
And we'll have the problem solved.
And instead, those two people have been in front of us for 15 years straight.
Why?
Because this is the trap.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is in it with us and doesn't understand how shitty of a trap it is and how easy it would be to get out with the help of thousands, if not millions of doctors all around the world, who, whether they believe or not, should gladly participate in such a thing.
provided that the entire vaccine schedule in America isn't inundated with placebo.
Paul Offit could have won years ago.
It's not a very complicated experiment.
I'm not some kind of genius.
It's so simple, it's a joke.
And since 2015, no one's come up with it at all.
None of these brilliant lawyers that used to work for Goldman Sachs.
None of these lawyers that used to fight pollution, none of these lawyers who spoke out from my faculty position at Columbia have ever been able to figure out that if my son or my daughter was injured in the first couple weeks after the shot and showed it like hours later, just started headbanging hours later, then the autism that CHD is fighting about is not a long-term effect.
Maybe allergies are.
Maybe all these other consequences are.
but the turbo diarrhea against the wall, the verbal regression over a few days, these are not long-term side effects.
You don't need a long-term trial to find those.
A short-term placebo-controlled trial could be done where all the kids got their appropriate vaccines, and that would test the short-term side effects of intramuscular injection as medicine.
And there's no way in hell that these people who knew Brandy Vaughn and took pictures with her could have not thought of this.
I'm surprised Brandy didn't think of it.
Sure, wait 60 days in between, and now you're all of a sudden giving Paul Offit the argument that he wants, which is, oh, that's too much time for them to be vulnerable to pertussis, or too much time for them to be vulnerable to rotavirus.
That's the trick.
That's why we have to do short term stuff.
My daughter.
Ladies and gentlemen, they could talk if they wanted to, they could tell you the truth that all these companies have all these military operations have our synthetic recombinant genetics, they can make a lot of DNA, they can put it in places and it might have effects, they can transform and transfect things.
And that's about all they can do.
And most of the time they probably use bacteriophages
PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud, and I'll never tell you that.
They could just have put the sequence they wanted to find in the hands of their agent in Wuhan, and the rest is just a spectacular commitment to lies.
Because truly healthy people don't get sick.
Transfection and transformation was a crime and anybody that could have told you these words and explained what they meant and differentiated them from a traditional vaccine is part of this traitorous anti-vax fake movement of health freedom.
The likely reason why they get away with it in America with such an atrocious vaccine schedule is because the vast majority of those vaccines are probably placebo.
Endemicity is a lie.
Please teach your kids about, you know, that there's a background of bacteria and archaea and phages.
And that background is so dense and so ridiculously immeasurable that to measure a PCR test of a coronavirus on that background is absurd without like 500 controls to show that it's not part of it.
And we have allowed them to get away with it.
These people are getting away with it.
And RNA cannot pandemic, dammit.
I'm sorry, but this is frustrating because it's here now.
We've got them, and we have the experiment that they could have proposed 10 years ago, and for some reason, none of these brainiacs have ever come up with it.
That's because they are making sure that our children don't realize that RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection is dumb, that transfecting healthy people was always a crime, and the population pyramid is a problem that they are managing actively now.
Thank you very much for being here.
I hope to see you again soon and with more love than I can possibly project.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
See you soon.